add newsletter (#45)
GDG-Nantes/devfest2019: content/blog/balance-le-son.md

---
title: DevFest 2019 - Balance the sound

> brief: Balance the sound

Reviewer: ça serait pas mieux "play the guitar" tout simplement ? 🤔  
J'ai peur que ça ne veuille rien dire. Déjà en FR, je comprends pas le "balance le son" 😅

image: /images/blog/balance-le-son.jpg
date: 2019-10-07
draft: false
---

## Prepare your coming!

> This is the DevFest is coming soon, it's time for you to organize! 🎶 [Burn to run - Bruce Springsteen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxuThNgl3YA) 🎶

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DevFest is coming soon, it's time for you to organize! 🎶 [Burn to run - Bruce Springsteen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxuThNgl3YA) 🎶
```

> Here is the attendees checklist at DevFest → It's important to have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the attendees checklist at DevFest → It's important to bring:
```

> * Her **badge always on her** :warning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the **badge always on you** :warning:
```

> * An ID to withdraw your ticket. His laptop to participate in codelabs (check on the description of the talk installation prerequisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An ID to retrieve your ticket. Your laptop to participate in the codelabs (check installation prerequisites on the description of the talk).
```

> * Its phones and tablets loaded to block for tweeter ([#DevFestNantes](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23devfestnantes&src=typd))!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your phones and tablets loaded to tweet ([#DevFestNantes](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23devfestnantes))!
```

> * Its **good mood** and remember that there is a [Code Of Conduct](https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/code-of-conduct/) to adhere to for an inclusive and benevolent conference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your **good mood** and remember that there is a [Code Of Conduct](https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/code-of-conduct/) to create an inclusive and kindly conference.
```

> * Well **keep its cup** :warning: (Supplied with the bag given at the entrance). It will serve you coffee, tea and other drinks served during the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't forget to **keep your ecocup** :warning: (provided at the entrance). Required for coffee, tea and other drinks during the event.
```

> * His agenda prepared in advance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your schedule prepared in advance:
```

>     * Download the sessions calendar directly on the [website](https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/schedule/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Download the schedule directly on the [website](https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/schedule/),
```

    * Or the mobile app: [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.monkeypatch.mobile.konfetti) - [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/konfetti/id1480039275?app=itunes)
    * [Rebroadcasting Area](https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/attending/) expected if the Graslin Room is full
    * Keep a dedicated time to walk on the stands (exchanges, contests, animations, ...)
    * Enjoy the Lounge Zone #relaxation
    * Go listen to a concert on the open stage

> * Logistics with everything you need in the [Practical](https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/attending/) section to get to DevFest or know our partner hotel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logistics with everything you need in the [Practical](https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/attending/) section
```

> * Avoid the big bags in vigipirate plan period, a search of the bags will be carried out. A cloakroom will be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid big bags because a safety search of the bags at the entrance will be carried out. A cloakroom will be available.
```

> ## Removing seats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Registration
```

> There is no need to print your ticket to withdraw your place, but remember to have at least the **digital version of your pass**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to print your ticket but remember to have the **digital version of your pass**.
```

> To avoid long queues, you can withdraw your pass **from Saturday, October 19 from 12h to 16h**. This will save you precious time on Monday morning. The doors open at 8am on Monday morning and the keynote will begin at 9am. 🎶 [Human Heat - Christine and the Queens](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkWVD9w98ok) 🎶

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid long queues and save time the Monday morning, join us on  **Saturday, October 19 from 12h to 16h** to register. The doors open at 8am on Monday morning and the keynote will begin at 9am. 🎶 [Human Heat - Christine and the Queens](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkWVD9w98ok) 🎶
```

## After Party

> This year's DevFest After Party will take place on Monday, October 21st. This evening is organized by Team GDG Nantes and it promises to be Rock!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year's DevFest After Party will take place on Monday, October 21st. The party is organized by the GDG Nantes Team and promises to be Rock!
```

> All participants with a DevFest Nantes badge are therefore invited to the DevFest site on floor -1, next to the Titan room, to an After Party between 18:30 and 22:00.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All attendees with a DevFest Nantes badge are invited to the DevFest site on floor -1, next to the Titan room, to an After Party between 18:30 and 22:00.
```

> ## Thursdays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Jobboard
```

> For this 8th edition, the DevFest Nantes continues the jobboard experience reserved for our sponsors. You can already consult the offers of our sponsors through our partner LesJeudis via this [dedicated page](https://devfest.lesjeudis.com/). Their platform will allow them to get in touch with companies and meet them on their booth. We thank the partners who played the game and ran very attractive ads!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this 8th edition, the DevFest Nantes continues the jobboard experience reserved for our sponsors. You can already consult the offers of our sponsors through our partner LesJeudis via this [dedicated page](https://devfest.lesjeudis.com/). Their platform allow you to get in touch with companies and meet them on their booth. We thank the partners who played the game and ran very attractive job posts!
```

## Reminder of the program
We remind you that the program of DevFest Nantes 2019 is available here: https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/schedule/. 🎶 [Nothing Else Matters - Metallica](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAGnKpE4NCI) 🎶
Do not forget, you will be able to see all the conferences on video so feel free to step out of your comfort zone and discover new topics!

## DevFest4Kids

> DevFest being this year during the school holidays, we are organizing a DevFest4Kids on Tuesday morning! The opportunity to introduce programming to 20 children aged 8 to 12, girls and boys :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevFest being this year during the school holidays, we are organizing a DevFest4Kids on Tuesday morning! It's a great opportunity to introduce programming to 20 children aged from 8 to 12, girls and boys :)
```
